English:

In my opinion, with public speaking You may enhance your speaking abilities,
develop your critical thinking abilities, hone your verbal and nonverbal 
communication skills.

Now we have our own small version of public speaking which is SOS/Speaker @ SilverOaks.
This Academic year, the topic that we gave a lot significance to is the SDGS/Sustainable Development Goals.
Hearing Everyone's versions there were certainly a few speeches which stood out from Others.
I feel these are my speeches which were really good.



[VIDEO]


Word Craft:

Word Craft is one of the other tools in our school, which is particularly meant 
for finetuning our writing skils and improve those little mistakes that we do in our
everyday English just in the form of writing. This year as well there was one topic 
that really stood out to me alot which was "Letters to the Past". This was one way of me
voicing out all the issues that I caused the previous year. Since I was emotionally 
connected, I could very well in that topic. You can be the Judge of that:


[ PHOTO OF THAT WORD CRAFT ]



English Work:






Novels:

This year we read two Novels and we had novel fests this year, There were two plays
and I had participated in Both of them. In the first Skit, my role was to inquire about
the author of the novel "Caravan to Tibel" and make a character from that novel interview
her. So me and my friend Krishna Nayana did that. So my role in the other play was a character 
named Kalyan Singh.


[ VISUAL PROOF OF THAT ZZZZZZZZZZZZ]

This Novel fest Actually Helped me and gave me a lot of skills which I didn't know I had.
It taught me how to look at a scenario from a character's perspective. Like how I did the
Novel Skit of Interview and I wrote the answers which were extrapolated from the background
of the charcter. It also taught me how we should take inspirations from the surroudings and
come up with a mind-boggling idea. In this case, the novel Caravan to Tibet, the whole setting
was the background of the author's real life home.

Project Interview:






How my Writing Improved:

At the starting of the year I used and a lot of people had the issue to straight away take the 
point and dragging it. We never specified the background to the answers and it used to confuse
the readers and also cost us a lot in the exams. I improved on this point over a period of time 
and I don't make this mistake as frequently as before. I also had a grammatical to overuse the ",".
This also used to cost a few marks to me and I improved a lot in this and don't make the mistake
anymore.

[ PHOTO 1 - BAD WRITING]   [PHOTO 2 - BETTER WRITING]
