A brief Intro of Science:

The purpose of science is to build and 
organize knowledge about the universe 
through testable predictions and explanations.

The gist of this page:

This year, instead of doing the standard presentation of 
all the topics learnt, we decided to take it up a notch
by focusing on two specific topics from term-2 syllabus
and explaining them and their real life applications in
depth.

Physics:

This year was something else in physics. I heard for the first about a lot of
the terms which I never heard before. Honestly at the start it scared but I got
used to It. One specific Topic which I really liked in it was the Universal Law of Gravitation
from Gravitation.

Universal Law of Gravitation:

Law of Universal Gravitation states that every particle attracts every 
other particle in the universe with force directly proportional to the 
product of the masses and inversely proportional to the square of the 
distance between them.

The formula for that it is :

F = G M<sub>1M<sub>2/d<sup>2

Here,

F = Force
G = Universal Gravitational Constant
M<sub>1 = Mass of object 1
M<sub>2 = Mass of object 2
d = Distance between both of them.

Universal Gravitational Constant :

In Sir Isaac Newton's law of universal gravitation and Albert Einstein's 
theory of general relativity, the gravitational constant, indicated by the 
capital G, is an actual physical constant used to calculate the gravitational 
effects.

Daily life Uses of the Universal Law of Gravitation :

Law of Universal Gravity is of great importance, as it explains how gravity 
affects us and our walking on Earth. In other words, it keeps us on Earth 
so that we can live on Earth and not fly in the air and space.

Industrial uses of Universal Law of Gravitation :

This law aids in the search for new stars and planets in the cosmos. 
This law aids in determining the masses of the sun, the earth, and other celestial bodies. 
This law aids in forecasting the tides brought on by the moon's gravitational pull on the earth. 
This law aids in predicting the motion of celestial bodies.

Therefore, I think it is mostly useful in the space sector and can help understand the 
universe better.

This is it for my science page.




